docs: Document KLM Flags (#2560)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/12-klm-arguments.md

| `max-concurrent-manifest-reconciles`                   | int  | 1             | Maximum number of concurrent Manifest reconciles which can be run                       |
| `max-concurrent-watcher-reconciles`                    | int  | 1             | Maximum number of concurrent Watcher reconciles which can be run                        |
| `max-concurrent-mandatory-modules-reconciles`          | int  | 1             | Maximum number of concurrent Mandatory Modules installation reconciles which can be run |
| `max-concurrent-mandatory-modules-deletion-reconciles` | int  | 1             | Maximum number of concurrent Mandatory Modules deletion reconciles which can be run     |

## Reconciliation Requeue Intervals

| Flag                                                 | Type     | Default Value | Description                                                                                             |
|------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `kyma-requeue-success-interval`                      | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma in Ready state is enqueued for reconciliation                               |
> | `kyma-requeue-error-interval`                        | duration | 2s            | Duration after which a Kyma in Error state is enqueued for reconciliation                               |
> | `kyma-requeue-warning-interval`                      | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma in Warning state is enqueued for reconciliation                             |
> | `kyma-requeue-busy-interval`                         | duration | 5s            | Duration after which a Kyma in Processing state is enqueued for reconciliation                          |
> | `mandatory-module-requeue-success-interval`          | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma in Ready state is enqueued for mandatory module installation reconciliation |
> | `manifest-requeue-success-interval`                  | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Manifest in Ready state is enqueued for reconciliation                           |
> | `manifest-requeue-error-interval`                    | duration | 2s            | Duration after which a Manifest in Error state is enqueued for reconciliation                           |
> | `manifest-requeue-warning-interval`                  | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Manifest in Warning state is enqueued for reconciliation                         |
> | `manifest-requeue-busy-interval`                     | duration | 5s            | Duration after which a Manifest in Processing state is enqueued for reconciliation                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kyma-requeue-success-interval`                      | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma CR in the Ready state is enqueued for reconciliation                               |
| `kyma-requeue-error-interval`                        | duration | 2s            | Duration after which a Kyma CR in the Error state is enqueued for reconciliation                               |
| `kyma-requeue-warning-interval`                      | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma CR in the Warning state is enqueued for reconciliation                             |
| `kyma-requeue-busy-interval`                         | duration | 5s            | Duration after which a Kyma CR in the Processing state is enqueued for reconciliation                          |
| `mandatory-module-requeue-success-interval`          | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma CR in the Ready state is enqueued for mandatory module installation reconciliation |
| `manifest-requeue-success-interval`                  | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Manifest CR in the Ready state is enqueued for reconciliation                           |
| `manifest-requeue-error-interval`                    | duration | 2s            | Duration after which a Manifest CR in the Error state is enqueued for reconciliation                           |
| `manifest-requeue-warning-interval`                  | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Manifest CR in the Warning state is enqueued for reconciliation                         |
| `manifest-requeue-busy-interval`                     | duration | 5s            | Duration after which a Manifest CR in the Processing state is enqueued for reconciliation                      |
```

| `manifest-requeue-jitter-probability`                | float    | 0.02          | Percentage probability that jitter is applied to the requeue interval                                   |
| `manifest-requeue-jitter-percentage`                 | float    | 0.02          | Percentage range for the jitter applied to the requeue interval e.g. 0.1 means +/- 10% of the interval  |

> | `mandatory-module-deletion-requeue-success-interval` | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma in Ready state is enqueued for mandatory module deletion reconciliation     |
> | `watcher-requeue-success-interval`                   | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Watcher in Ready state is enqueued for reconciliation                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mandatory-module-deletion-requeue-success-interval` | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma CR in the Ready state is enqueued for mandatory module deletion reconciliation     |
| `watcher-requeue-success-interval`                   | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Watcher CR in the Ready state is enqueued for reconciliation                            |
```

| `istio-gateway-secret-requeue-success-interval`      | duration | 5m            | Duration after which the Istio Gateway Secret is enqueued after successful reconciliation               |
| `istio-gateway-secret-requeue-error-interval`        | duration | 2s            | Duration after which the Istio Gateway Secret is enqueued after unsuccessful reconciliation             |

## Controllers Configuration

| Flag                     | Type     | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|--------------------------|----------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `rate-limiter-burst`     | int      | 200           | Maximum number of requests that can be processed immediately by all controllers before being rate limited. Controls how many reconciliations can happen in quick succession during burst periods |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rate-limiter-burst`     | int      | 200           | Maximum number of requests that can be processed immediately by all controllers before being rate-limited. Controls how many reconciliations can happen in quick succession during burst periods |
```

| `failure-max-delay`      | duration | 5s            | Duration of the failure max delay for rate limiting in all controllers                                                                                                                           |
| `cache-sync-timeout`     | duration | 2m            | Duration of the cache sync timeout in all controllers                                                                                                                                            |

## Kubernetes Client Configuration

| Flag               | Type | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                                                      |
|--------------------|------|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `k8s-client-qps`   | int  | 300           | Maximum queries per second (QPS) limit for the Kubernetes client. Controls how many requests can be made to the Kubernetes API server per second in steady state |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `k8s-client-qps`   | int  | 300           | Maximum queries per second (QPS) limit for the Kubernetes client. Controls how many requests can be made to the Kubernetes API server per second in the steady state |
```

| `k8s-client-burst` | int  | 600           | Maximum burst size for throttling Kubernetes API requests. Allows temporarily exceeding the QPS limit when there are sudden spikes in request volume             |

## Certificates Configuration

| Flag                                               | Type     | Default Value          | Description                                                                                                          |
|----------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `cert-management`                                  | string   | cert-manager.io/v1     | Certificate management system to use. Accepted values: cert-manager.io/v1, gateway.cert.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cert-management`                                  | string   | cert-manager.io/v1     | Certificate management system to use. Accepted values: `cert-manager.io/v1`, `gateway.cert.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1`      |
```

| `self-signed-cert-duration`                        | duration | 90*24h                 | Duration of self-signed certificate. Minimum: 1h                                                                     |
| `self-signed-cert-renew-before`                    | duration | 60*24h                 | Duration before the currently issued self-signed certificate's expiry when cert-manager should renew the certificate |

> | `self-signed-cert-renew-buffer`                    | duration | 24h                    | Duration to wait before confirm self-signed certificate not renewed                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `self-signed-cert-renew-buffer`                    | duration | 24h                    | Duration to wait before confirming self-signed certificate are not renewed                                                  |
```

| `self-signed-cert-key-size`                        | int      | 4096                   | Key size for the self-signed certificate                                                                             |
| `self-signed-cert-issuer-name`                     | string   | klm-watcher-selfsigned | Issuer name for the self-signed certificate                                                                          |

> | `self-signed-cert-naming-template`                 | string   | %s-webhook-tls         | Naming template for the self-signed certificate. Should contain one '%s' placeholder for the Kyma name               |

Reviewer: Why ' ' and not ``?

| `self-signed-cert-issuer-namespace`                | string   | istio-system           | Namespace of the Issuer for self-signed certificates                                                                 |

## Istio Gateway Configuration

| Flag                                               | Type     | Default Value | Description                                                                                                  |
|----------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `istio-gateway-cert-switch-before-expiration-time` | duration | 24h           | Duration before the expiration of the current CA certificate when the Gateway certificate should be switched |

> | `istio-namespace`                                  | string   | istio-system  | Namespace of Istio resources in cluster                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `istio-namespace`                                  | string   | istio-system  | Namespace for Istio resources in a cluster                                                                      |
```

> | `istio-gateway-name`                               | string   | klm-watcher   | Name of Istio Gateway resource in cluster                                                                    |
> | `istio-gateway-namespace`                          | string   | kcp-system    | Namespace of the Istio Gateway resource in cluster                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `istio-gateway-name`                               | string   | klm-watcher   | Name of the Istio Gateway resource in a cluster                                                                    |
| `istio-gateway-namespace`                          | string   | kcp-system    | Namespace for the Istio Gateway resource in a cluster                                                           |
```

| `listener-port-overwrite`            | string | ""                                      | Port that is mapped to HTTP port of the local k3d cluster using --port 9443:443@loadbalancer when creating the KCP cluster                                                                  |
| `enable-domain-name-pinning`         | bool   | true                                    | Enable verification of incoming listener request by comparing SAN with SKR domain in Kyma CR                                                                                                |

## Leader Election Values

| Flag                             | Type     | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                     |
|----------------------------------|----------|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `leader-elect`                   | bool     | false         | Enable leader election for controller manager. Enabling this will ensure there is only one active controller manager            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `leader-elect`                   | bool     | false         | Enable leader election for controller manager. Enabling it ensures there is only one active controller manager            |
```

| `skip-finalizer-purging-for` | string   | ""            | CRDs to be excluded from finalizer removal. Example: 'ingressroutetcps.traefik.containo.us,*.helm.cattle.io'          |

## Miscellaneous Configuration

| Flag                          | Type     | Default Value                                                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                    |
|-------------------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `min-maintenance-window-size` | duration | 20m                                                                  | Minimum duration of maintenance window required for reconciling modules with downtime                                                                                          |

> | `drop-crd-stored-version-map` | string   | Manifest:v1beta1,Watcher:v1beta1,ModuleTemplate:v1beta1,Kyma:v1beta1 | API versions to be dropped from the storage version. The input format should be a comma-separated list of API versions, where each API version is in the format 'kind:version' |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `drop-crd-stored-version-map` | string   | Manifest:v1beta1,Watcher:v1beta1,ModuleTemplate:v1beta1,Kyma:v1beta1 | API versions to be dropped from the storage version. The input format must be a comma-separated list of API versions, where each API version is in the `kind:version` format |
```
